Support certificates configuration in TLSStore CRD (#8976)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/routing/providers/kubernetes-crd.md

      namespace: default
    
    spec:
      certificates:                            # [1]
        - secretName: foo                      
        - secretName: bar
      defaultCertificate:                      # [2]
        secretName: secret                     
    ```

| Ref | Attribute            | Purpose                                                                                                                                    |
|-----|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [1] | `certificates`       | List of Kubernetes [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) that hold certificate to add to the store.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [1] | `certificates`       | List of Kubernetes [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) , each of them holding a key/certificate pair to add to the store.         |
```

> | [2] | `defaultCertificate` | Name of a Kubernetes [Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) that holds the default certificate for the store. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [2] | `defaultCertificate` | Name of a Kubernetes [Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) that holds the default key/certificate pair for the store. |
```
